We have updated the configuration of all the components of our app to be in line with what we did in the previous lab. So let's just do a quick review of that, then we will update the Real User Monitoring ID's to ensure that data is showing up in our account correctly. 

1.  Now lets take a look at what is in the config files. In the IDE tab, navigate to **deploy/datadog** and open **values.yaml**. This is the values file for the Datadog Helm chart. If the IDE is already open you can click this link to open the file: `deploy/datadog/values.yaml`{{open}}
2.  You can see around line 236, **logs** are **enabled** and we have **containerCollectAll** set to **true**. These means that all the logs that Kubernetes knows about are going to be collected. Below, you will see how we can also collect file-based logs. 
3.  The Kubernetes cluster we have is not meant for production use. For one thing, there are no SSL certs in place. So we have had to override the autodiscovery configuration for etcd on the controlplane node. You can see that at line 299.
4.  Now navigate to **deploy/generic-k8s/ecommerce-app**. You should see 4 YAML files there for **advertisements**, **db**, **discounts**, and **frontend**.
5.  Open the **advertisements.yaml** file in the editor.
6.  First notice that we have labels set at **metadata** (line 4) and **spec.template.metadata** (line 21). Scroll down to **spec.template.spec.containers.env** (line 33). You can see a number of environment variables here, including: `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_ENV`, `DD_AGENT_HOST`, `DD_LOGS_INJECTION`, `DD_ANALYTICS_ENABLED`, and `DD_PROFILING_ENABLED` . These environment variables are all that is needed to enable different features like profiling, and more. 
7.  You should see similar values set in **discounts.yaml**
8.  **db.yaml** has a few changes. First notice the two configmaps. These are setting the datadog user in postgres, as well as giving access to the database monitoring features. Further down you will see the labels and annotations set. 
9.  If our application also generated file-based logs we could set the logs annotation value to be more like: `'[{"type":"file", "source": "webapp", "service": "backend-prod", "path": "/logs/app/prod.log"}]'`
10. Open the StoreDog app and start looking around the app so that we have some data in Datadog. Try copying the URL into other browsers if you have any others installed on your computer. (Note: if you use a DNS-based ad blocking service like Pi-Hole, you will need to either temporarily disable the service, or add `datadoghq-browser-agent.com` and `datadoghq.com` to your Whitelist as a wildcard domain otherwise no RUM metrics will be sent to Datadog).
