1. Open Datadog in another browser tab or window. Navigate to the Integrations section. That's the icon that looks like a puzzle piece. 
2. Depending on how long you have had the environment running and which labs you have taken in the last few days, Datadog may have some integrations enabled and others discovered. If Postgres is not shown under **Autodetected** or **Installed**, then you can find it under **Available**. This list is alphabetical but you can also search at the top. Scroll through the list to see if there are other integrations you recognize. 
3. Integration tiles default to showing the **Configuration** tab. Here you can see much of the information from the Documentation which makes sense because they are generated from the same source, the Github repo you saw earlier. At the bottom, if its not already installed, **Install** this integration.
4. Installation of an integration does a few things. If you go to **Dashboards**, you will now see a couple Postgres related dashboards. Go to the **Metrics Summary** and search for `postgres` to see all the metrics that are potentially being collected. Go to **Logs** then **Configuration** to see that the Postgresql pipeline has been added to parse postgres logs. 
5. While we are here, let's look at two more pages in Datadog that are especially interesting due to our environment. 
6. Navigate to **Containers**. You can find that under the **Infrastructure** menu. This is giving us a better view of the containers that are running. 
7. Now look at the Host Map, also under the **Infrastructure** menu. At the top left, change the Hosts dropdown to show Containers. Try changing the metrics that are used to fill and size the container hexagons. 
8. Return to the **Metrics Summary** and search for `postgres`. Think about the different buckets for metrics and consider how many of these fit into those buckets. Click on some of the metrics and see what information is available and that you can edit the description. This is especially useful if you want to describe a metric in the context of your business.